4 per machine for S2 (#485)
ASFHyP3/hyp3: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.0.3](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3/compare/v2.0.2...v2.0.3)
### Changed

> - Sentinel-2 autoRIFT jobs will utilize 3/4 less memory

Reviewer: `utilize` suggests a reduction in the container itself, what about something like this?
```suggestion
- Sentinel-2 autoRIFT jobs will reserve 3/4 less memory, allowing more jobs to be run in parallel
```
